everybody wants to have beautiful strong
and shiny locks although the main way to
achieve this goal is a well-balanced
diet and good hair care there are a few
things you may be doing incorrectly
without even knowing about it one
waiting too long for a trim or cut if
you have split or frizzy hair if it
looks untidy and has no shape anymore if
your hair tangles easily or gets lots of
single knots you are probably way
overdue for your haircutting appointment
especially if you want to have long hair
your locks will be longer if you trim
them on a regular basis not because your
hair will grow faster but because the
ends won't be splitting and breaking
solution visit the hairdresser regularly
to DIY dyeing It Yourself DIY might be a
handy practice for many occasions but
coloring the hair is not one of them
unless you are a professional
hairdresser perhaps or at least know
exactly what you're doing most likely
you will end up going to a salon anyhow
but it will be way harder and more
costly to fix whatever you have done
just let the professionals deal with it
from the beginning solution a
hairdresser appointment 3 brushing or
styling wet hair when your hair is wet
it is very delicate and more prone to
breakage you can experiment a little to
check it next time you wash your hair
select one only one we don't want you to
get bald and try to break it
you will find that it breaks much easier
compared to when the hair is dry the
brush does the same thing but instead of
one hair
it breaks hundreds the heat from Hot
Tools a curler or straightener makes the
water evaporate extensively and as we
all learn at school water expands with
evaporation breaking your hair plus
using hot tools will simply pry your
hair to finish the damaged solution let
it dry before brushing and styling and
using some heat protection products is
also recommended for using dirty brushes
when you brush your hair lots of dead
skin particles end up on your brush even
if you cannot see it dead skin is the
perfect environment for growing bacteria
all sorts of them a part of being simply
disgusting it can get transferred back
to your scalp if you don't wash your
hair brushes regularly solution wash
your brushes or put a tissue onto the
brush before combing your hair dispose
of the tissue after brushing leaving the
brush itself clean
five washing your hair too often and
with very hot water the glands in our
scalp produce natural oils that are
essential for healthy curls and hot
water can remove them making your hair
dry and brittle over washing will
eventually do the same thing the
hairdresser's recommend washing your
hair twice a week or three times if you
have very oily hair solution don't wash
your hair every day and only use warm
water 6 not using conditioner or using
it instead of shampoos shampoos and
conditioners are totally different
products that are used for different
purposes and cannot replace one another
shampoos clean conditioners moisturize
here's a simple comparison your car
needs both petrol and oil not one or the
other these are two different products
and your car won't appreciate it if you
pour petrol where oil is supposed to be
it is the same with your hair if you use
conditioner instead of shampoo or not
use it at all your scalp won't say thank
you
although the damage won't be as costly
compared to the car probably solution
use both first shampoo then conditioner
7 not changing hair products when the
hair is changed there are lots of
different products on the market these
days
for thin coarse colored damaged hair and
much more they have slightly different
ingredients depending on the purpose if
your hair is changed
so should the products let's do a car
comparison again we all know that you
shouldn't put petrol into a diesel
four-wheel drive so why would you use
shampoo for oily hair if you have
bleached dry locs
solution time to go shopping
eight brushing your hair too often and
doing it from the roots if you brush
your hair from the roots you end up
creating a massive knot and pulling lots
of hair off doing this also weakens the
roots over brushing does similar damage
generally speaking don't fix it if it's
not broken in other words don't brush if
it needn't be brushed solution always
start brushing your hair from the ends
and work your way to the roots
untangling the knots along the way and
don't overdo it
[Music]
ix having a tight hairstyle too often if
you tie your hair very tightly very
often it may eventually damage it
because you literally pull the hair from
its roots if a ponytail is your
preferred style avoid hair ties with
metal parts or switch the ties height
every day alternating the up and down
days solution tie your hair occasionally
but not every day 10 too much Sun
normally if we plan to spend a long time
outdoors we remember to use sunscreen
but often forget to protect the hair too
much exposure to the Sun damages not
only your skin but your hair as well
if your hair is severely discolored
looks and feels dry and gets a lot of
split ends then UV radiation is probably
responsible for it solution wear a hat
or a scarf
which tricks do you use to keep your
hair healthy share them in the comments
below if you learn something helpful in
this video then give it a like share it
with your friends and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life